A tool for this game. The unsplash folder has        
  download.py that has produced some nice images that have been   
  modified for a game with another script. 
  
  the tools purpose is building plant order emails that are sent from the
  game when player plays one map. 
  
  it should read the map image and locations, 
  it read the available plants from some yaml or json config file.
  
  Then i should be able to create data for the map, for example map1_orders.json 
  that is going to be used to play that map. 
  
  The game data is order-emails for     
  that map, it can be json file or yaml, with the tool i should   
  be able to set each object in the map some random or constant   
  values for how many orders they will make, from what list of    
  plants they will pick random or constant plant amounts that     
  they order. you dont have to use pygame-ce in ithe tool, you    
  could use the most common easy python ui library. it should     
  load the map though and the location data
  

  To explain the purpose of the tool:
  The game engine will choose 1-3 orders from this list that 
  it will process and send with intervals, so that user can respond to any of those.
  They can be read with a delay. And if not responded in time, they will not be visible,
  until the next order batch is sent (which may contain the same orders again).
  When player has devilvered enough plants for the map. The game moves to next map.
  So the tool is used to create those order lists for each map.
  

  The output will contain all the orders that will be generated in the map
  Field 
  - location_name: name of the map location (also works as id)
  - send_time : time sending the order, can be random between min and max or constant
    this is number from 1 to 9 representing some nice const values that game will map to real times
    we can describe those times later  
  - sender_email : created by random from some simple pattern and list of words.
  - plant_list : list of plants with amounts
     - random: when true, then plant_id and plant_filename are picked randomly from available plants
     - plant_filename : filename of the plant image
     - plant_id : id of the plant (the plant filename)
     - plant_name_fi : name of the plant in Finnish
     - plant_name_en : name of the plant in English
     - amount : amount of plants ordered, can be random between min and max, or constant
       this is number from 1 to 9 representing     


  Email assignment feature
  
  Each location has one unique email address. Emails are stored in map locations json.
  Tool reads pseudo-email.json for usernames and domains.
  When clicking OK on order dialog, tool proposes random email for that location.
  Email format: username@domain (random pick from both lists).
  Tool checks email is unique within current map before assigning.
  If location already has email, keep it. Only assign if missing.
  Saves email to map_locations.json when map is saved.


  User interface 

  Must use single word in Finnish in all buttons, or uX text.
  here's examples of words that can be used.
  Valitse, Lataa, Tallenna, Lisää, Poista, OK, Keskeytä, Alas, Ylös.
  Random, Alaraja, Yläraja, Vakio.

  Tool should have simple list or picker that first is used
  to choose the map, when chosen, the mapimage and locations json
  and existing orders of the map are loaded.
  this can be in top nav bar. Also the top nav bar can have save button.
   
  the tool has a constant value for the folder that has the files, 
  currently the files are in assets/plants/one folder
  that the download.py array/json structure of plants should      
  also be converted into config file, the script should be in     
  the tools folder, and be able to work with the images in        
  unsplash folder.


   To create this orders the tool has a picker for each location of the map.
   When clicked, a dialog opens that contains the orders for that location.
   Theres basic crud to add/remove/edit orders in that list.
   For each order, when clicked, another same kind of dialog opens (yea, nested dialogs).
   It also has basic crud to add/remove/edit plants in that order.
   The dialog has plant picker that uses list of images, browseable 4x4 grid, scrollable
   The plant picker is on the left side. On the right side is the order plant list.
   